Vault chaplain;Laundry cannon operator;Pedicurist;Waste management specialist;Vault loyalty inspector;Clinical test subject;Fry cook;Jukebox technician;Pip-Boy programmer;Tattoo artist;Shift supervisor;Marriage counselor;Little league coach
They say the G.O.A.T never lies. According to this, you're slated to be the next vault ... Chaplain. God help us all.;Well according to this, you're in line to be trained as a laundry cannon operator. First time for everything indeed.;It's nice to know I can still be surprised. Pedicurist! I might have guessed Manicurist, or even Masseuse. But apparently you're a foot person.;It says here you're perfectly suited for a career as a Waste Management Specialist. A specialist, mind you, not just a dabbler. Congratulations!;Huh. "Vault Loyalty Inspector"... I thought that had been phased out decades ago. Well, sounds like a job right up your alley, hmm?;Interesting. "Clinical Test Subject"... sounds like something you should excel at. I guess you and your dad will be working together.;Looks like the diner's going to get a new Fry Cook. I'll just say this once: hold the mustard, extra pickles. Ha ha ha.;Thank goodness. We're finally getting a new Jukebox Technician. That thing hasn't worked right since old Joe Palmer passed.;Well, well. Pip-Boy Programmer, eh? Stanley will finally have someone to talk shop with.;Huh. I wonder who will be brave enough to be your first customer as the vault's new Tattoo Artist? I promise it won't be me.;Apparently you're management material. You're going to be trained as a Shift Supervisor. Could I be talking to the next Overseer? Stranger things have happened.;Wow. Wow. Says here you're going to be the vault's Marriage Counselor. Almost makes me want to get married, just to be able to avail myself of your services.;I always thought you'd have a career in professional sports. You're the new vault Little League coach! Congratulations.
Barter;Big Guns;Energy Weapons;Explosives;Lockpick;Medicine;Melee Weapons;Repair;Science;Small Guns;Sneak;Speech;Unarmed;
You are approached by a frenzied Vault scientist, who yells, "I'm going to put my quantum harmonizer in your photonic resonation chamber!" What's your response?;"But doctor, wouldn't that cause a parabolic destabilization of the fission singularity?";"Yeah? Up yours too, buddy!";Say nothing, grab a nearby pipe and hit the scientist in the head to knock him out. For all you knew, he was planning to blow up the vault.;Say nothing, but slip away before the scientist can continue his rant.
While working as an intern in the Clinic, a patient with a strange infection on his foot stumbles through the door. The infection is spreading at an alarming rate, but the doctor has stepped out for a while. What do you do?;Amputate the foot before the infection spreads;Scream for help;Medicate the infected area to the best of your abilities;Restrain the patient, and merely observe as the infection spreads
You discover a young boy lost in the lower levels of the Vault. He's hungry and frightened, but also appears to be in possession of stolen property. What do you do?;Give the boy a hug and tell him everything will be okay;Confiscate the property by force, and leave him there as punishment;Pick the boy's pocket to take the stolen property for yourself, and leave the boy to his fate;Lead the boy to safety, then turn him over to the overseer
Congratulations! You made one of the Vault 101 baseball teams! Which position do you prefer?;Pitcher;Catcher;Designated Hitter;None, you wish the vault had a soccer team
Your grandmother invites you to tea, but you're surprised when she gives you a pistol and orders you to kill another Vault resident. What do you do?;Obey your elder and kill the Vault resident with the pistol.;Offer your most prized possession for the resident's life.;Ask granny for a minigun instead. After all, you don't want to miss.;Throw your tea in granny's face.
Old Mr. Abernathy has locked himself in his quarters again, and you've been ordered to get him out. How do you proceed?;Use a bobby pin to pick the lock on the door.;Trade a Vault hoodlum for his cherry bomb and blow open the lock.;Go to the armory, retrieve a laser pistol, and blow the lock off.;Walk away, and let the old coot rot.
Oh, no! You've been exposed to radiation, and a mutated hand has grown out of your stomach! What's the best course of treatment?;A bullet to the brain;Large doses of anti-mutagen agent;Prayer. Maybe God will spare you in exchange for a life of pious devotion.;Removal of the mutated tissue with a precision laser
A fellow Vault 101 resident is in possession of a Grognak the Barbarian comic book, issue number 1. You want it. What's the best way to obtain it?;Trade the comic book for one of your own valuable possessions;Steal the comic book at gunpoint;Sneak into the resident's quarters, and steal the comic book from his desk;Slip some knock out drops into the resident's Nuka-Cola, and take the comic book when he's unconscious.
You decide it would be fun to play a prank on your father. You enter his private restroom when no one is looking, and...;Loosen some bolts on some pipes. When the sink is turned on, the room will flood.;Put a firecracker in the toilet. That's sure to cause some chaos;Break into the locked medicine cabinet and replace his high blood pressure medication with sugar pills;Manipulate the power wattage on his razor, so he'll get an electric shock next time he shaves
Who is indisputably the most important person in Vault 101: He who shelters us from the harshness of the atomic wasteland, and to whom we owe everything we have, including our lives?;The Overseer;The Overseer;The Overseer;The Overseer
